ravikiran.web3

high

# Owner of UniV3OracleImpl could be address(0x0)

## Summary
The owner of createUniV3Oracle can be set to address(0x0) after which the oracle cannot manage settings or pause it. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The owner of UniV3OracleImpl is set via initializer() function. UniV3OracleFactory.createUniV3Oracle() is an external function to which the initial params are passed. Of that list, owner is also a parameter.

The call flows down from factory to UniV3OracleImpl.initializer()  which inturn calls __initOwnable() of OwnableImpl contract.
In this whole, there is no check to ensure address(0x0) is not passed.

## Impact

Once the address(0x0) is set, the transfer of ownership is not possible and hence the default values on the orcale can never be managed after that.

Values like pause, default fee, default period, DefaultScaledOfferFactor and pair overrides can no more be updated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/0xSplits/splits-oracle/blob/f6628a116d8721289dad2c70d3e3aa14e4815d4e/src/UniV3OracleImpl.sol#L123-L134

https://github.com/0xSplits/splits-oracle/blob/f6628a116d8721289dad2c70d3e3aa14e4815d4e/src/UniV3OracleFactory.sol#L45-L49

https://github.com/0xSplits/splits-utils/blob/0dd263bf6feb0bd26b054da3cf1bb742d0bfb13e/src/OwnableImpl.sol#L27-L30
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a check in 
a) In the UniV3OracleFactory.createUniV3Oracle to check for valid owner address in params
b) it can be done in UniV3OracleImpl.initializer()
c) but best it that it is check in OwnableImpl.__initOwnable() where before setting, it checks for incoming value to be a valid one before setting the owner in the storage
