rvierdiiev

medium

# SwapperImpl._transferToBeneficiary sends tokens excess to beneficiary without a fee to swapper

## Summary
SwapperImpl._transferToBeneficiary sends tokens excess to beneficiary without a fee to swapper
## Vulnerability Detail
SwapperImpl.flash function is designed to be called by anyone in order to swap funds inside SwapperImpl to `tokenToBeneficiary_` and then send those tokens to beneficiary.

`SwapperImpl` uses oracle to check the trade price and calculate discount to flash loaner.
What is important to note is that it's also allowed to trade with same token(for example eth), because `SwapperImpl` doesn't have ability to withdraw any tokens, only `flash` function should be used.

So suppose that `SwapperImpl` has weth as beneficiary token and currently it has 10 weth on it's balance.
So user can create a trade from weth to weth([to pass this check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-swapper/src/SwapperImpl.sol#L240)) which will give him let's say 0.5% discount. That means that he will  earn 0.005 weth from that trade. After flash loaner paid needed amount, then funds [are sent to beneficiary](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-swapper/src/SwapperImpl.sol#L273). But also, in case if `SwapperImpl` weth balance is not 0, then all amount [is sent to the beneficiary as well](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-swapper/src/SwapperImpl.sol#L278). But this amount will not give flashloaner any earnings.

So now let's imagine little bit different situation.
Now, `SwapperImpl` has 10 weth and 5000 usdc on balance.
And flash loaner initiates trade from usdc to weth and once he sent weth amount for that 5000 usdc, they are all sent to beneficiary, but also 10 weth, that initially were on balance, were sent.
As result, beneficiary received that 10 weth for free without paying fee to the flashloaner.
I believe that this is incorrect and excess should not be sent.
## Impact
Flash loaner receives less fees.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-swapper/src/SwapperImpl.sol#L257-L281
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not send excess for free, you can query oracle to get discount amount for such swap and benefit flash loaner.