obront

medium

# Creating a diversifier in `paused` state doesn't pause all components

## Summary

Users who call `createDiversifier()` with the `paused` flag set to true will expect a fully paused diversifier. Instead, all Swappers included as a part of the system will automatically be set to `unpaused`, which can lead to unwanted behavior, unwanted swapping costs, etc.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user calls `createDiversifier()`, they pass the following struct with the function params:
```solidity
struct CreateDiversifierParams {
    address owner;
    bool paused;
    OracleParams oracleParams;
    RecipientParams[] recipientParams;
}
```
The `paused` argument should be used to determine whether the diversifier is paused.

In fact, this parameter is used when setting the state for the `passThroughWallet`:
```solidity
PassThroughWalletImpl passThroughWallet = passThroughWalletFactory.createPassThroughWallet(
    PassThroughWalletImpl.InitParams({owner: address(this), paused: params_.paused, passThrough: ADDRESS_ZERO})
);
```
But it is ignored when creating the Swappers, which will automatically be unpaused:
```solidity
swapperFactory.createSwapper(
    SwapperFactory.CreateSwapperParams({
        owner: diversifier_,
        paused: false,
        beneficiary: recipientParams.createSwapperParams.beneficiary,
        tokenToBeneficiary: recipientParams.createSwapperParams.tokenToBeneficiary,
        oracleParams: swapperOracleParams
    })
)
```
This leads to unexpected behavior, where a user who has intended to pause their entire `diversifier` will end up with portions of the diversifier active, which could lead to issues such as someone paying directly to the split and ending up charging them for swaps. 

As a simple example of a problem this could cause: A user may intend to set up an override so that identical tokens don't pay a swap fee. If their system can be accessed early, bots could charge them a full swap fee for sending them tokens already in their `$tokenToBeneficiary` without performing any swap.

This is a simple example, but there may be uses where the unpause time is critical, and it is important that the whole system is paused if that's what the user intends.

## Impact

Users may end up paying fees for unwanted swaps or otherwise having an active system when they explicitly set the `paused` parameter to true.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-diversifier/src/DiversifierFactory.sol#L30-L35

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-diversifier/src/DiversifierFactory.sol#L68-L70

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-diversifier/src/DiversifierFactory.sol#L114-L122

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Either pass `params_.paused` into the `createSwapper()` function, or specify a separate parameter in the input struct (perhaps within `CreateSwapperParams`) to define specifically whether they want their Swappers to be paused.