Bauer

medium

# Front-run attack to flash function

## Summary
A bad actor monitors the mempool and identifies that someone is attempting to exchange the assets. The actor then front-runs the `setOracle()` function and modifies the oracle to a malicious one. As a result, the user obtains an incorrect quote, and the protocol ends up transferring more tokens from the third-party to the beneficiary due to the malicious actor's actions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `flash()` function is used to perform a flash loan by calling the _transferToTrader function to transfer tokens to the trader, then calling the swapperFlashCallback function to execute arbitrary code, and finally calling the _transferToBeneficiary function to transfer tokens to the beneficiary. 
```solidity
    function flash(OracleImpl.QuoteParams[] calldata quoteParams_, bytes calldata callbackData_)
        external
        payable
        pausable
    {
        address _tokenToBeneficiary = $tokenToBeneficiary;
        (uint256 amountToBeneficiary, uint256[] memory amountsToBeneficiary) =
            _transferToTrader(_tokenToBeneficiary, quoteParams_);

        ISwapperFlashCallback(msg.sender).swapperFlashCallback({
            tokenToBeneficiary: _tokenToBeneficiary,
            amountToBeneficiary: amountToBeneficiary,
            data: callbackData_
        });

        uint256 excessToBeneficiary = _transferToBeneficiary(_tokenToBeneficiary, amountToBeneficiary);

        emit Flash(msg.sender, quoteParams_, _tokenToBeneficiary, amountsToBeneficiary, excessToBeneficiary);
    }
```
The tokens transferred to the beneficiary depend on the oracle's quote.
 A bad actor creates a malicious swapper contract and deposits some assets into the pool. A third-party attempts to exchange some assets from the pool by calling the` flash()` function. The bad actor monitors the mempool and identifies that someone is attempting to exchange the assets. The actor then front-runs the `setOracle()` function and modifies the oracle to a malicious one. As a result, the user obtains an incorrect quote, and the protocol ends up transferring more tokens from the third-party to the beneficiary due to the malicious actor's actions.

## Impact
The user may suffer significant losses of assets

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-splits/blob/main/splits-swapper/src/SwapperImpl.sol#L163-L166

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
